README.md, before:

# Ds18b20

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/ds18b20`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'ds18b20'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install ds18b20

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/owaiswiz/ds18b20.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Fix expected float result, expect exception in correct manner
* Also expect InvalidReadingError instead of InvalidFileSpecifiedError when the file specified is correct but the reading is inaccurate
* Update Readme

README.md, after:

NOTE: In Development

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/owaiswiz/ds18b20.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/owaiswiz/ds18b20)

# DS18B20

This gem makes interfacing with the DS18B20 temperature easier over 1-Wire.


After setting it up correctly make sure you have the correct file path where it's output is being recorded.
The file name on raspberry pi should be `w1_slave`. If you don't know where the file is located - please read : [DS18B20 - Temperature Sensing](https://learn.adafruit.com/adafruits-raspberry-pi-lesson-11-ds18b20-temperature-sensing?view=all).


After making sure that you have the file path and that output looks similar to one in the tutorial above, you can easily use this gem following the instructions below (not yet released - soon).

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'ds18b20'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install ds18b20

## Usage

In-development

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/owaiswiz/ds18b20.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
